the wake of dr. Benjamin Carson
expressing concern about a Muslim
becoming president of the United States
when we decided to launch a special
Hannity investigation to find out if
American Muslims think that Sharia law
should supersede the US Constitution
earlier today we sent out Fox News
contributor David Webb to an Islamic
Cultural Center in New York City now
watch this closely
your thoughts should Sharia laws
supersede the US Constitution no but I
think the Sharia law it's made by by God
by Allah and the Constitution is made by
people so it's not the same do you
believe that Sharia law should be above
the US Constitution yes
Sharia law is completely different that
unit is the Constitution as a Muslim you
practice my Islamic law as a Muslim by I
you notice the Constitution as a citizen
penis Act RESPA the Constitution nothing
to do Sharia law is a Muslim country
Sharia law is allowed other country no
you have to have a right Constitution
should any religious law supersede the
US Constitution at any time any
denomination
maybe in the future the US Constitution
deserve all all the people living in
u.s. their rights right so Sharia law
does not contradict with the Sharia law
just protect our dignified we are like
human being be respectful to be respect
from the society so you think that the
US Constitution should should be the law
of the land in the u.s. also helpful to
protect our Sharia should Sharia law be
over the US Constitution yes every
country you have a different policy and
different low but I respect the law in
any country I go do you believe that the
tenets of Sharia law should be over the
US Constitution
at the US Constitution which is made by
people and the Sharia law is made by
Allah so that is we all the way above
that has to be definitely in the land
not for the America for the whole world
would be above so it should be above the
UN resolution yes
joining me now with reaction syndicated
radio talk show host out of Boston Howie
Carr the author of demystifying Islam
tackling the tough questions the
national spokesperson for the ahmadiyya
muslim community harris so far and Fox
News contributor David Webb you have a
significant number and by the way this
this backs up a poll that came out last
year that even a majority of Muslims in
America think that Sharia should
supersede the Constitution yeah and
there was no problem getting these
questions and answers from these folks
you saw a wide variety of them we gave
them a chance to answer the problem and
I have this problem with anyone anywhere
who believes it any religious belief
supersedes the US Constitution we're a
nation where the Constitution guarantees
your religious freedom and where your
religion does not Trump it most people
believe that in America there are
Muslims who want to live here and live
under our Constitution but too much we
find a growing number of them that
believe Sharia should supersede the US
Constitution and one there at may look
easy in other countries its Sharia but
look at those countries where Sharia is
the law mr. Safari well you are a
minority in the Muslim community in many
ways a more liberal-minded in your views
generally speaking we know the
application of Sharia renders our
relegates women and minorities and other
religious face to second say
second-class citizens so that's just the
fact when you look at the application of
Sharia in Muslim countries so if you
have more than half of Muslims in
America that want Sharia they are
basically saying they don't support the
US Constitution where you have freedom
of religion and free freedom of
expression you know it's what surprises
me the reason this respire surprised me
because the most fundamental principle
in Islam on this subject is that the law
of the land supersedes all their laws so
in the verses in the Quran that talk
about government do not specify any
religious involvement they say put your
trust in those that are an authority in
your country and it tells those people
in authority
to be just not religious application of
Sharia in countries as women can't drive
women have to dress a certain way they
can't be seen in public with with men
that are not their relatives in some
cases women need for male eyewitnesses
for rape gays and lesbians are killed
those that that leave the faith are
viewed as apostates they are killed for
such religious liberty so the reality is
it is at odds with the US Constitution
its practical application how we call so
the way well yeah Sean obviously this is
what ben Carson was talking about when
he said he couldn't advocate for a
electing a Muslim president and this is
just a very troubling fact of life in
society I mean and the fact that the
Democrats are attacking ben Carson over
or over saying this I mean this is a
this this is a Sharia law there's no gay
marriage for instance abortion as you
pointed out is a is is punishable by by
death
blasphemy you know no one's talking
about rounding up Muslims certainly not
Ben Carson like FDR did during World War
two but this is this is just the
fundamentally Sharia law is with the
Bill of Rights Howie I want you to
expand on that because fundamentally the
Quran and Islam I'm not talking about
radical Islamists the Quran and Islam
are fundamentally at odds with the
Constitution isn't that the truth no no
did you ever think Sean that we would
come to a point in in our lifetimes
where the Constitution and the Bill of
Rights would be on the table no it's
it's just mind-boggling yeah and and I
can't and I don't understand why the
Democrats are so down on Carson you know
they have litmus test so called for
Supreme Court justices if you're against
abortion rights then you know they don't
they're not gonna vote for you including
a Hillary Clinton Chuck Schumer they now
they have an abortion now they have a
litmus test for US citizens united
Supreme Court decision about the First
Amendment so I mean if Ben Carson wants
to make this a litmus test
if your for Sharia law he's not gonna
vote for you what's what's the problem
I'm with Ben Carson yeah and by the way
you know if I ask you mr. so far you
know where the Catholic and Christian
and Protestant and Jewish temples in
Muslim countries and what are the
restrictions or what is the punishment
for anyone that speaks out against the
very extremely controversial life of
Muhammad what would happen to them in a
Muslim country under Sharia as applied
currently in Muslim countries today
right and so what you have clearly and
very accurately defined as the system of
government in countries like Iran in
Saudi Arabia and Pakistan Afghanistan
there's a reason why within the
worldwide Ahmadiyya Muslim community and
other Muslims as well do we continually
and consistently convey not just like
imagine already you can't even get a
Zion in Pakistan you can't get a Muslim
funeral if you're another us the United
States they just kind of the United
States Constitution Denmark they want to
make Denmark a Muslim nation it was a
this needs to begin Sean is that there's
a reformation needed in the Ahmadiyya
Muslims the Sufis are other groups just
like we had a Reformation in the
Christian Church there's time for Muslim
Reformation and it's at hand there's my
point in the United States they can
plant they can create a foundation and
begin to spread it's important to
remember the u.s. the u.s. constitutes
less than 5% of world population
obviously they're not unimportant it's
all about the works and the impact and
look at that the AMA the Muslim
community has built an operating or
15,000 mosques in the world more than
any other Muslim is a shoe less than 2%
you are less than and the u.s. is less
than 5% but our significance is what
really matters and that's why within the
US Constitution apps or the mountain
Saudi Arabia offering to build in
Germany for the new refugees so-called
they're coming we're with you to condemn
Saudi Arabia and their clear
absolutely thank you all for being with